1. a, b, c success!

2. launched toward A, drifted a bit (ior a lot), then went to the waypoints

3. didnt go to a,went to b and c

4. turtled

5. a,b,c all visited, good launch and land. yay!

------added check to see if waypoint sewnt correctly. 

6. visited all wayppoionts, 2nd waypoiint sent twice

7. happiness. good launch, a, b, c visited, landed happy


------ Eric is out with Drew to test altitude + hold_time --------
1. Tried launching the quadcopter and it headed directly towards the dorms. Drew took control and brought it down. The quadcopter took control away from him every time it sent a waypoint

2. Launched fine and took off agressively in the direction of C. Not sure if it was going to C or drifting

3. Launched fine and took off agressively in the direction of C. Not sure if it was going to C or drifting. AFTER DOING THIS I CLEARED THE WAYPOINTS.

4. Launched well, drifted towards MH and hovered over the sidewalk while in Launch. Failed five times to send A, sent B correctly, sent C correctly.

5. Launched successfully and went to the same point as in previous run - over the sidewalk towards the MH. Hovered there. Got a low battery signal, we landed by hand.

6. Repowered from last run. Cleared the waypoints manually. Successfully launched, went to C at 9.0 m, want to B at 6.0m, then failed to go to A at 3.0 m. Potentially a height cutoff on waypoints.

7. Launched successfully and hovered 3-5m away from the launch point. Went to A at 6m, went to B at 5m, failed to go to C at 4m.

-- MAKE THE JSON PATH RELATIVE - rosrun quadcopter fails if not in correct directory
-- SEARCH FOR THE 5m HARD LIMIT ON HEIGHT
-- HOLD TIME IS UNSUCCESSFUL BECAUSE WE OVERWRITE IT AT 15s. LOOK INTO SENDING WAYPOINT LISTS


8. 9. Tests 8 and 9 successfully went to A at 5m and failed at B at 4.5m and 4.9m, successively. There seems to be a 5m limit on waypoint height.

10. Launched and went to A, the last waypoint. I did NOT clear waypoints in between runs, which seemed to cause this failure. The quadcopter successfully went to A-B-C-D-F-E-G. It turned violently from G to B, possibly because it was turning 180 degrees.

11. Launch failed, slid sideways, tilted down, and crashed

12. DID NOT CLEAR WAYPOINT MANUALLY. Launch went to A (it shouldn't have done this). Quadcopter successfully went C-A-C-A-C-A. It did not do the wild turn that we saw two tests ago.
